Miss, is it possible?
Third Young Master Su has already brought you to meet President Su and his wife
Tell me why you call him miss
What else could it be?
Of course, it's because Third Young Master Su and I really love each other
His parents have also recognized me
His two brothers also like it very much.
Is it impossible
You're just a second married woman I left behind
No background
He is also entangled with the housekeeper and second young master of the Su family
Do you think you are like this
Can President and Mrs. Su like you?
Uncle and aunt
Must have been deceived by this bitch
If only they knew the true face of this bitch
Definitely won't let him in
Why don't you talk about it?
See if you won't let me in
Or kick you out first?
You sunan
Why don't we make a deal?
What deal?
I can not tell the Su family about your shit
But
You have to say a few words for me in front of Su San
The cooperation of the Su family
Give it to me.
Brother Sleep
If you want to cooperate with the Su family
Well, I can help.
Why do you have to cooperate with this bitch?
Because I suddenly realized
Standing in front of me, this ex-wife seems a bit powerful
Can turn Su San Shao around
He also came to attend the Su family's family banquet
Sunan, it seems that I underestimated you before
I've always looked up to you
I didn't expect it.
So shameless